i lived several lifetimes while i was in
that coma in a bunch of different genres
i couldn't get a handle on who i was or
what it all meant
he's awake can we all just admit that
seeing someone in a coma is intensely
erotic
[Music]
we've got a mission tonight and i want
you on it
all right all right let's not make a big
deal out of
this oh a wave that's it
so we're really spies again things have
changed
you finally exercised stop being such a
dick about it
we've instituted a strict no drinking on
duty policy here's to backup plans
no new better cheryl doesn't do that you
used to be fun
yeah well your legs used to work the
tactile cane
my inevitable rise to the top of that
oh yeah don't hold it like that
oh man karate island boner we try to
keep things professional around here
fine god how about work-related
erections
baby get ready for the ride
of your life don't spray that urine on
my son's window
if you want a dollar for doing nothing
walk to canada
and that is our strength
gravity you utter [ __ ] welcome back
we took you long enough
old wavefunner cheryl is so
bad
you